

  Welcome to the Show Randomizer!
  This is a Ruby-based command line interface program
  that uses the EpisoDate.com API to query a database
  of tv shows.


        * The program's main functionality is to
        find TV shows by title,
        add them to your list of favorites,
        and use them to create playlists
        of randomly-selected episodes.

        * Additionally, users who want to keep their list of favorites
        can reload and customize their User Profile, including
        enabling or disabling certain shows from
        being added to playlists.

        * In this video, we'll give a quick overview of the search function,
        the Favorites list, and the playlist generator.

        ...

        * On the welcome page, enter your user name.
        Or, you can press enter to see a list of all user names in the system.
        We'll make a new username for me to use in this demo.

        ...

        * Here's the main menu.
        The program's main functions are listed at the top of the menu.
        We'll start by searching for a few shows,
        adding them to our Favorites list,
        and creating a playlist from them.

        ...

        * Let's search for Avatar: The Last Airbender by entering 'avatar'.
        Individual shows are selected by their unique ID number.
        Once the show's information loads, you can add to favorites,
        or search for another show.

        * Let's search for The Simpsons. Since there is only one result,
        the show information automatically loads.
        We'll add it to our Favorites.

        * Let's do one more--how about Futurama.

        * Now, press enter to go back to the main menu.

        ...

        * Let's see our list of Favorites. Here, you can remove a show
        by entering its ID number. Let's remove The Simpsons.

        * Now, press enter to go back to the main menu again.

        ...

        * Now let's create a playlist! When you select this option,
        it may take a few seconds to load all the episodes.

        In the playlist generator screen, enter the number of episodes
        you want on the playlist.

        The program will randomly select episodes from all the shows
        on your Favorites list!

        * You now have your playlist! Enjoy watching!
